example for resetting a package to bring back the dashboard assets (#898)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/faq.asciidoc

you can copy the {es} endpoint URL from the overview page of your deployment.
If you're not running in {ecloud}, make sure the {kib} and {es} HTTPS ports
are both accessible; by default these are `5601` and `9200` respectively.

[discrete]
[[how-do-i-reset-a-missing-dashboard-asset]]

> == If I delete a {kib} dashboard asset, how do I get it back?

Author: ```suggestion
== If I delete an integration dashboard asset from {kib}, how do I get it back?
```

> The aseets for a given integraion can be re-loaded into {es} with the API.

Author: ```suggestion
The aseets for a given integration can be re-loaded into {es} with the API.
```

> The aseets for a given integration can be re-loaded into {es} with the API.

Reviewer: Note we use different verbs here to mean the same thing in this topic: reload, reinstall, and reset. We should use one.

> The aseets for a given integration can be re-loaded into {es} with the API.

Author: you have a good eye for that nuance @dedemorton thank you.  And YES - you can do this from the UI for any Integration that is allowed to be removed.  Only a few special ones are NOT allowed, I think System, Endpoint, and Fleet Server (when it is on a hosted Agent policy).  Should we add a note here that simply adding and removing it from the UI can do the same thing, if it is available to do so?

You'll need to know the name of the package and the version you want to reinstall.

> Use cURL or your favorite API UI tool to run the following with the noted 'force' param

Author: ```suggestion
Use cURL or your favorite API UI tool to execute the following call with the noted "force" parameter
```

> Use cURL or your favorite API UI tool to execute the following call with the noted "force" parameter

Author: I don't know if the Kibana Dev console can send API commands to Kibana itself?  I'm not as versed with it so it didn't occur to me to suggest it, if it is a thing.

in the body:

> POST /api/fleet/epm/packages/[package nmae]-[package version]

Author: ```suggestion
POST /api/fleet/epm/packages/[package name]-[package version]
```

{ "force": true }

> So, for example, to reset the system v1.0.0 package you could POST:

Author: I did like using the other words in case someone was searching for them - and Jen had used the term 'reset' in slack so I wanted it to be here.  I'm ok with whatever you feel is best.

> So, for example, to reset the system v1.0.0 package you could POST:

Reviewer: I see what you're saying. Inconsistencies add ambiguity, though, because users wonder, "Do all these words mean the same thing?"

Let's try to use the verb that is the most descriptive of what the user is trying to do. Hopefully that is the same term that users are likely to search on and the same term we use throughout the docs!

you can copy the {es} endpoint URL from the overview page of your deployment.
If you're not running in {ecloud}, make sure the {kib} and {es} HTTPS ports
are both accessible; by default these are `5601` and `9200` respectively.

[discrete]

> [[how-do-i-reset-a-missing-dashboard-asset]]

Author: ```suggestion
[[how-do-i-reinstall-a-missing-dashboard-asset]]
```

you can copy the {es} endpoint URL from the overview page of your deployment.
If you're not running in {ecloud}, make sure the {kib} and {es} HTTPS ports
are both accessible; by default these are `5601` and `9200` respectively.

[discrete]
[[how-do-i-reset-a-missing-dashboard-asset]]
== If I delete an integration dashboard asset from {kib}, how do I get it back?

> To reinstall the assets for a specific integration, you can use the API.

Author: ```suggestion
To reinstall the assets for a specific integration, you can use the UI for most cases
and the {fleet} API for those not allowed in the UI.
```

Reviewer: I think that's OK, but I wonder if we should mention where in the UI. We haven't really documented the Integrations UI very well yet. Maybe that's just something we need to add later?

Author: I'll submit that the move to make Integrations a top level (left hand) Kibana navigation item means that everyone in the world should find it.  We can leave it out for now and if we are proven wrong, then we can add more pointers in for it.

> You'll need to know the package name and version you want to reinstall.

Author: ```suggestion
In order to use the API, you'll need to know the package name and version
you want to reinstall.
```

Reviewer: I think the introductory phrase is already implied, but feel free to commit if you think it makes things more clear.

Author: it only flows right to me, based on the addition of the other.  I like it. Will do, thanks.

you can copy the {es} endpoint URL from the overview page of your deployment.
If you're not running in {ecloud}, make sure the {kib} and {es} HTTPS ports
are both accessible; by default these are `5601` and `9200` respectively.

[discrete]
[[how-do-i-reset-a-missing-dashboard-asset]]
== If I delete an integration dashboard asset from {kib}, how do I get it back?

> To reinstall the assets for a specific integration, you can use the UI for most cases
> and the {fleet} API for those not allowed in the UI.
> In order to use the API, you'll need to know the package name and version
> you want to reinstall.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To reinstall the assets for a specific integration, you can use the {fleet} API using the package name and version.
```
we don't offer a "reinstall" UI, the closest is uninstall + install, but we don't allow uninstall when the package is in use in a policy so this probably won't work for most cases. what do you think of removing the part about UI and just reference the API?

Author: ugh, you're right.

To reinstall package assets, execute the following call with the `force` parameter in the body:

[source,console]
----
POST /api/fleet/epm/packages/[package name]-[package version]
{ "force": true }
----

So, for example, to reinstall the system v1.0.0 package, POST:
[source,console]
----
POST /api/fleet/epm/packages/system-1.0.0
{ "force": true }
----

> The package version is shown in the Integrations view in {kib} or can be ascertained 
> using the https://epr.elastic.co/search?package=system[registry] 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The package version is shown in the Integrations view in {kib}.
```

do we reference epr.elastic.co anywhere else in docs? if not, I think we should hide this complexity from the user

Author: I was thinking we need to start exposing it somewhere, if it isn't already.  I was trying to sneak it in, but it isn't really needed for this topic.  I could start a new one, but first I can review if we have it exposed or not, and we can figure out if we want to start with this (we may not, as you note).
